<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/58acf858154165363c00004e/train/javascript target="_blank">Challenge Fun #14: Target Game</a></h2><h3>5 kyu</h3><h2 id="task">Task</h2><p> In your favorite game, you must shoot a target with a water-gun to gain points. Each target can be worth a different amount of points. </p><p> You are guaranteed to hit every target that you try to hit. You cannot hit consecutive targets though because targets are only visible for one second (one at a time) and it takes you a full second to reload your water-gun after shooting (you start the game already loaded).</p><p> Given an array <code>vals</code> with the order of each target's point value, determine the maximum number of points that you can win.</p><h2 id="example">Example</h2><p> For <code>vals = [1, 2, 3, 4]</code>, the result should be <code>6</code>.</p><p> your optimal strategy would be to let the first one pass and shoot the second one with value 2 and the 4th one with value 4 thus:</p><p> <code>vals[1](2) + vals[3](4) = 6</code></p><p> For <code>vals = [5, 5, 5, 5, 5]</code>, the result should be <code>15</code>.</p><p> your optimal strategy would be to shoot the 1st, 3rd and 5th value:</p><p> <code>5 + 5 + 5 = 15</code></p><p> You haven't shoot the 2nd, 4th value because you are reloading your water-gun after shooting other values.</p><p> Note that the value can be zero or negative, don't shoot them ;-)</p><p> For <code>vals = [0, 0, -1, -1]</code>, the result should be <code>0</code>.</p><p> For <code>vals = [5, -2, -9, -4]</code>, the result should be <code>5</code>.</p><p> Shoot the first one is enough.</p><h2 id="inputoutput">Input/Output</h2><ul><li><code>[input]</code> integer array <code>vals</code></li></ul><p>  The point values (negative or non-negative) of the targets (in order of appearance).</p><ul><li><code>[output]</code> an integer</li></ul><p>  The maximum number of points that you can score.</p>